Hello Austin, Texas.
Harmontown is now officially in session.
Thank you so much for coming out.
Day two of the Harmontown tour.
Please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Holy shit! Holy shit!
Holy shit!
Big room full of amazing people. Holy shit. Amazing.
Thank you. You're applauding yourselves, you sons of bitches.
God damn it, we're never leaving this city.
We had a great time in Phoenix. We learned some painful lessons, mostly about myself.
They were good people in Phoenix. I made a complete ass of myself going out there.
They loved me, and I flung myself under the sharpened rocks of my own self-hatred.
In a regular show, a comic could come out and go,
Hey, knock knock, who's there? Your mom's there?
And then there'd be a guy in the audience that go,
You suck! That's the dynamic, that's what a heckler is.
It's completely inverted with me because I have no act,
and then I come up and go, I'm a bad person, and then people in the audience go,
You're doing fine!
We love you!
Season two of Community made me cry!
Just keep going, and I start going,
Fuck you, fuck you, pal! What do you know?
Dan actually started heckling the audience's love.
I did, I really did, and it was, you know, the show in Phoenix went fine,
but I learned my lesson, it was like, you know what?
Let's accept some love as we go out here on the road,
because I was, you know, the automatic thought was like,
we live in Los Angeles and we live in the back of a comic book store, we do the show,
and now we're going on the road, so your automatic thought is,
my mom's out there, you know, like she's somewhere out there,
these are different people, like they're gonna judge me,
or like the crowds are gonna be filled with people who are like,
you know, let's go see some comedy tonight, honey.
Who's this guy? What's he doing?
But you all listen to the podcast, right?
So, we're fine, we're fine.
And my only job is to pretend that we're in Los Angeles, at Harmontown.
I think what we found last night, to our surprise,
and I think what we're gonna find as we go is that the people that come to the show
are gonna resemble our hometown crowd for a bit.
Pretty much, like they're all, they look a lot like,
I walk in the door in Austin or Phoenix,
and the guy I make eye contact with who's holding the thing for me to sign
is the same guy as in Los Angeles, like, he might be,
he might look like he could kick my ass, he might have tattoos,
he might have glasses, he might be short, he might be fat, he might be thin,
but there's that misfit quality, and then our eyes meet across the room,
and happened with some guy, I think his name was Jesse or something,
it was the first guy I came into the, I came into the, there was a guy,
I was like, hey, kind of waved at me like I worked with him,
and I was like, yeah, hey, and I knew, I don't work with you,
but it's like the different patterns of facial hair,
and the just lovely, wonderful, wonderful, an army of nerds,
I love it, like, just showering me with love,
and all I can do is fuck it up, alright, I'm tailspinning,
I'm gonna fuck it up.
You know what's amazing, Dan, the first time I think that you met Charlie Kaufman,
you guys know the writer, Charlie Kaufman, and yeah,
and Harmon, Charlie came to like a screening of, it was a community thing,
like it was a Christmas thing, I think, and Charlie came,
and they met, and Dan obviously really wanted to meet Charlie,
and I think Charlie was like happy to meet you,
and they had this great conversation, they talked all day,
but you never saw less eye contact in a conversation,
there was just two guys in the same plaid shirt staring at their own shoes.
Yeah, there's a mannerism.
Those are my people, that's my people,
we feel more than we can handle, we love each other.
Oh, but speaking of feeling things and apologizing for things,
this was almost Kettle One, but then I remembered where we were,
so this is Tito's.
Tito's, fucking Tito's.
Can I make you one, you want one?
Yes, please, thank you.
One of the 85,000 great things about Texas,
they have a grassroots homemade vodka called Tito's,
that is delicious, it's too delicious.
Wait, my friend Ray Pruitt, who's here tonight,
if I'm not mistaken, Ray, you know Tito, don't you?
Haven't you met him?
Is Ray here?
You met him, yeah.
I met him!
When Tito started making Tito's vodka,
it was just him in a garage making this on his own, right?
Well, that's the story I told you.
It's a weird, it's pitch black back there,
and I don't know what the mics are picking up,
but as the story goes, Tito's vodka is made by a human being
and not a corporation, and now it's a corporation,
but it's every bit as delicious as Kettle One,
who did not sponsor our tour.
We nearly had a bottle of Kettle One up here,
but fuck those guys, it's Tito's all the way.
It feels a little weird drinking out of a soda glass, but...
Kettle One is kind of the Nike of vodka's...
Kettle One, the racist vodka.
You hear that, you fuckers?
You fuckers had a chance.
We were going to put a big sticker on the side of our bus
and make our bus like shape like a Kettle One bottle.
We would have done anything.
Until we found out about that racial stuff.
Yeah.
Kettle One, sitting on Nazi gold since 1945,
and also making vodka, I guess that's their new racket,
but those in the know...
Kettle One, baby rapers.
Kettle One, more like Kettle Two.
Meaning we pooped in it, you fuckers.
Kettle One, fuck, yeah, fuck it.
Here's another fan of the 800 reasons to be glad we're in Texas.
Texas, I hate to play favorites.
I'm from California, I love California.
California and Texas, they're not so different.
Cows and oil and we have weed and movies.
Fake tits.
I'm not going to be a fake ambassador.
I'm going to come here, I'm very proud of being a Californian.
California and Texas, though, we could kick the whole nation's ass.
We are the first and second in terms of gross national product
or whatever you call it on the state level, probably gross state product.
It's California and then Texas.
We're basically tied.
Each state could be a country unto itself.
Texas's history, you know that phrase, six flags over Texas.
You know the significance of that.
I do not.
I do.
I Wikipedia it.
Who's the governor?
Michael Dean Anderson.
Really?
Yeah.
MacGyver?
Yes, the brother of MacGyver.
Just back me up, guys.
I'll slip out the back and pretend that you're governor tonight.
It's the MacGyver's brother.
He's so good.
They're such good people.
Who is the governor?
What's his name?
Rick Perry.
Can't hear you.
Governor Bloomberg?
Rick Perry.
Oh, right, Rick Perry, the guy with the game show here.
He sounds sexy.
I believe he's an idiot because he's a governor.
I don't know what geniuses have ever become a politician.
You don't wake up in bed and go, oh, my brain's so active.
I should tell people what to do.
It doesn't make any sense.
If you're smart, you make shit.
Or jerk off and play video games.
Shut up, Ray.
The Rick Flare of jerking off and playing video games just back here.
That's what I'm talking about.
Six Flags Over Texas refers to the state's history.
It's an amazing history.
They've been owned by, it's a territory that's been owned by the French
for a brief period, the Spanish, then it was a territory of Mexico.
Then, and I don't know what other states shares this.
I really don't.
There might be some.
What?
None.
Became their own fucking republic.
It's a sparse applause for that.
Everyone else is like, I don't know.
No, it's fucking cool.
Come on.
There's nothing.
I don't think any citizens of the state are more proud of being from a state than Texans.
I think it's more state pride here than anywhere else.
It's just a cool concept.
I love the idea that we belong to a nation that was like, it's a federalized empire.
At one point we had to go door to door and go, you joining us?
You joining us?
And Texas was like, yeah, right.
Couple conditions, you know.
You get a 50 year lease with an option to buy.
And we have to be shaped like a ninja star.
That's fucking cool, too.
It's the only state that if you threw it, it could take your eye out.
Florida would hit you.
Even if it hit you right in the eye, it just bruised your eye.
Texas, take your fucking eye right out.
That's just a good point.
And there's a handle on it that you could throw it.
You could grab it.
It should be Oklahoma, but it's like, fuck you.
It's like a sword handle.
Yeah, you could cut a fucking weird cake with it and serve some shit on it.
You could walk around and stab people with it.
Stab Mexico.
You could be like Steve McQueen and the fucking dirty dozen and the killer guy and fucking awesome.
They were their own republic and then they made a limited agreement to become part of our little club.
And then there was an uncomfortable period called the Civil War.
We can talk about that later if you want.
I am not judging anyone.
And then there's, there should be seven flags, though, shouldn't it?
Because it's like, you got...
What's that?
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear that.
You asked twice, so you...
But two different...
Is that that makes the six?
But why not seven?
Because of the amount of rollercoaster.
Because of the amount of rollercoasters.
In case the mics don't pick up.
I find one difference between California and Texas.
We have very different ideas about Mexican food.
It's very, very, very different here.
You get a chili reino here and there's like nachos on it.
It's very strange.
I liked the place that we ate.
Oh, no, the place was fucked.
Taco Cabana.
You sent us a Taco Cabana.
Nobody's saying that that's authentic cuisine.
I'm not a foodie.
Are you booing me or you booing Taco Cabana?
You're booing Taco Cabana.
Thank you.
We walked in there.
There were 17 people behind the counter
and there were 17 tables all covered in shit.
And there was a gentleman behind the counter
who was, well, he was 11 years old, I believe.
And I'm like that, I said, I'll have a burrito.
And he's like...
A buri, what?
I have a bean and cheese burrito.
And so he gave me a bean burrito with a thing,
with a little plastic ramekin of cheese.
I was like, precisely...
Plastic ramekin?
A little plastic thing.
A little plastic cup.
There's a ramekin?
Is that a word?
Yeah.
A ramekin.
What's a ramekin?
It's like, it's usually like a little dish.
You put butter in or sauce or something like that.
Like a little, a little four ounce.
Yeah, you get your ranch dressing and a little ramekin.
That's such a fucking ancient Greek name.
I expected to snatch me up with talons and take me to Mount Olympus.
Ramekin was the son of Agamemnon,
who was cursed to dispense three ounces of things.
Yeah, he stole Chipotle from the gods and gave it to a man.
In an easy to handle serving.
But my bean and cheese burrito, ladies and gentlemen,
was a bean burrito that was wrapped in foil
that I had to take out of the foil,
do the tortilla, and then put cold cheese into it.
There's no cheese in the fucking kitchen at Taco Cabana,
and I had to make it myself, and then they give you a number,
and I took my number to my table and was forgotten.
They never, I had to go up and get my own food.
I don't get it.
The place blows.
All right, fine.
Well, you have, you have their sympathy.
They wanted to let you know.
Yeah.
And I'm pretty sure that, I'm vegetarian,
I'm pretty sure those refried beans weren't,
and I'm gonna be shitting like a goose on the bus later on.
For my money, I'm on this special diet.
I had a delicious, like, it took some doing
to make them understand how to put it in the bowl,
but I got a bunch of beef and chicken and a bowl
with some beans, and I'm about to burp it out as I said.
But it was good.
It was on my diet, and it was good, and we got out of there.
But we did stop off at a friend's advice
to a bar called Buddy's Place, which I quite enjoyed.
Yeah.
Honky Tonk.
Jeff, I want to be part of the honky tonk culture.
I can see that.
Yeah.
Anybody go to this place, Buddy's?
Those are our two friends back there.
The men's room is simply just a trough.
There's no mirror.
There's no sink.
It's just a thing.
It's a manger.
You could feed an ox, or you could give birth to a Christ,
or you could pee on it.
And that's all there was in the bathroom.
I love it.
And the bartender was like, everything was like,
but not in a condescending way.
It was like, and not in a colloquial way.
All I can drink here is a Michelob ultra,
because I'm doing the low carb thing.
I just vodka.
OK, I'll take Michelob ultra.
It's like, OK, sweetie, all right, darling.
Everything was sweetie and darling in alternation.
But it was really nice.
I'm not saying that she's representative of the population.
I know every town you go to, everyone wants to know,
like, oh, we're like Logan's run here.
We're all from the future.
I'm from Milwaukee.
I'm embarrassed to be associated with a random thing
you might encounter there.
Here's what you don't have in Los Angeles.
Bars with big, long ass shuffleboard, those things.
Shuffleboard is good.
That shit.
We had that.
There are a couple in LA, but they're pretty few in far between.
Somebody followed us from LA just to call my shit out.
There's one where?
There's one what?
I think you said in LA.
No, they're all over the place.
I'm saying they're not in LA.
They're really buying lunch.
Yeah, there's one in Culver City, I think,
where that's about it.
They're all over the place.
I found one in Portland.
My uncle had one in his basement.
Just that gritty sand shit you put on it.
It's a fun game, man.
Everyone should have that.
I don't want to get off.
I don't want to do the shuffleboard show.
I don't care.
Maybe it's time that you showed them your new dance,
the shuffleboard shuffle.
Should we do it?
We rehearsed this for weeks.
That was great, Jeff.
Thank you.
I say give the people what they want, Dan.
Yeah.
Your mama raps?
There's going to be mama raps.
You notice I didn't come out doing the mama thing
because I was like, I'm getting in a rut.
When I learned in Phoenix, God bless them.
They were fucking wonderful.
All they did was support me.
But I came out rapping about fucking your mama.
And they were like, yeah.
I need to form a relationship with the audience
everywhere I go.
It was getting in the way.
I talk about fucking your mama.
The biggest mistake I made, Jeff,
was getting suggestions about fucking people's mamas.
Acting like it was some kind of weird improv game.
What's your name?
That was the worst thing.
My name's Steve.
What's your favorite food?
Ice cream sundaes.
Oh, I fucked Steve's mama.
He was eating his favorite ice cream sundaes.
Fucking his mama.
And she died of cancer.
Did you say she died of cancer?
Yeah, okay.
It was terrible.
I felt awful.
I'm not an improviser.
I'm not one of your little who's line friends.
You know, your little, your Hoosie doodles.
You know, it's like, yeah.
Yeah, there's a little Greg Poopsies
in these Ryan Stilesies.
And they go like, oh, I'm going to do changing emotions
and lift the bodies and do the arms experts.
You used to be an improviser though.
Yeah, but I was terrible at it.
And then I became a writer.
And then now I've ended up doing this because I can't,
I get therapy doesn't work.
Is this therapy for you?
This is absolutely therapy.
Yeah, Andy and to Neil, these two people who live here
came back and interviewed Dan beforehand.
Andy really gave an awesome interview about Dan
and asked Dan a question.
Why are you doing this tour?
And there's no answer for that.
You still don't know why you're doing this.
I still don't know why.
I just know I need this and I love this.
I have lots of stuff to talk about.
I just checked my notepad.
But also the thing I decided backstage,
based on the way things have been progressing,
like I want to bring Spencer up right away.
Not to play D&G necessarily, but...
For those of you who do not know, Spencer,
we are the only comedy tour that's ever traveled
with our own Dungeon Master to play Dungeons & Dragons.
If you know him, you already love him.
If you do not know him, prepare to Spencer Crittenden.
He's a national treasure.
And yes, he looks exactly like you thought he would.
Thank you for coming, Spencer.
You're welcome.
I don't get it.
We're getting to know him.
We didn't really know him.
We found out last night on stage...
Dan and I realized last night in Phoenix
that we really didn't know anything about Spencer.
We knew where he lived
and that he works in the back room of an Apple store.
And now we learned that he has, on both feet,
a lot of the time,
he works in the back room of an Apple store,
and now we learned that he has, on both feet,
what's it called?
Syndactyly.
He suffers from syndactylism?
I don't suffer from it.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
He's blessed with a...
Thank you.
He has given the rare gift of having two of his...
of his middle toes on each feet fused together.
Yeah.
Which I imagine helps you.
Yes.
Less toe jam.
Just less stinky feet.
20% less.
Would that help you, maybe,
in, like, if you were a swimmer, possibly?
Oh, yeah.
I can swim circles around anybody.
So, we vowed to learn...
That's not a joke.
We wanted to learn one new thing about you every night.
If you have anything in the chamber,
you can pop it out now,
or you can just let it stew.
I'll let it stew.
Okay, great.
I just wanted him up there, sitting there,
because I feel safer.
Like, if I'm at McMahon,
it's nice to have a Doc Severance
and sit in over there.
Yeah.
I like being able to go,
what do you think about that, Spencer?
Oh, that!
Yeah, I'm like...
I'm invincible now.
Money in the bank.
Can we talk about the...
Because we went to this wonderful,
honky-tonky land, the shuffleboard thing,
like, I want to talk about the Confederate flag thing.
I mean, you don't have to act like I farted.
This one, there was a Confederate flag
with a lady on it.
What did it say?
Rebel lady.
Rebel chick?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's offensive to slaves and to women.
I just...
I don't know.
I guess I remember one of these weird holdouts,
where I'm like, I think that's fine.
It's not like a flag that has a black person
with a line through it.
It's not the same thing.
I understand the association,
but it's a very political thing.
That would be a bad thing,
and we would all go like,
okay, we've moved beyond that.
But we haven't moved beyond struggle
and political...
Texas of all places.
It's like, it's the America of states.
It was a colony,
and it got federalized,
and it was like, I don't know.
When I see that flag,
I don't necessarily go,
oh, that person hates other people.
We've all been trained to be ashamed of it,
like it's a swastika or something.
I don't think it's the same thing.
I just wanted to mention it.
I don't know how you guys feel about it
as a progressive southerners.
I never talked to somebody from the south.
Is this the south?
You don't think of yourself as a southerly, do you?
You're Texas.
Forgive me, but there's this compass.
I back you up a hundred percent.
I don't mean to offend you.
I just meant the south,
as opposed to the top half of the fucking country.
Dan, did I ever tell the story on the podcast,
or maybe if someone listens to it,
did I ever tell the story about me being named Jeff Davis
and me being in the south?
I don't know if you did.
You don't think so?
No.
Yeah, my name is Jeff Davis,
and my parents were Yankees.
They were from Nebraska and Ohio
when their little kids moved west during the Dust Bowl,
and never been to the south.
My name's Jeffrey Davis.
It's not Jefferson Davis.
We're not southerners.
No one in my family's ever lived in the south.
But I was somewhere in Louisiana once,
and I went to a liquor store in the morning.
I was walking from a girl's place to my hotel,
and it was a huge, long walk.
Yeah.
And it was a really long walk,
but it was in a very black neighborhood,
and I was this only white guy walking,
like little girls and boys are going to school.
Wait, man, walking?
Yeah.
But I really looked like a gay vampire.
I was just super tall and skinny in a black suit.
I'm super pale and hungover,
and I'm coming down the road,
and little kids are crossing the street to go around me.
And I clearly was not up to any good there.
And I go into a liquor store,
and my cell phone was dead,
and I wanted to make a call at a pay phone or something like that,
and I went into this liquor store,
and it was this kind of redneck-y guy,
you know, like Cajun Dude behind the counter.
And I said,
do you have a phone?
He's like,
I got a pay phone,
and I said,
well, can you break some money for the change?
He said,
you got to buy something.
So I go,
okay, fine.
So I got some trail mix and a Gatorade,
and I'm like,
I'll get a six pack of beer, too,
so back at the hotel.
So I get the beer,
and he goes,
ID.
And so I go,
God, Jesus Christ.
And he gives me that,
so I get the change of the thing.
I give him my ID and the money
for the Gatorade and the beer and the trail mix.
And he looks at the ID
and puts it back on the counter
and pushes the money,
the ID,
and all the goods back toward me.
And he's like,
thank you.
I'm like,
can I have it?
And he's like,
I said,
thank you.
I'm like,
I said,
yeah,
I asked,
can I have it?
I don't know what's going on.
He goes,
he goes,
good day.
I'm like,
do I get to,
what's going on?
And he goes,
he goes,
it's yours,
you go to take it.
I'm like,
here's the money.
And he goes,
I can't charge you,
Jeff Davis.
And I went,
oh yeah,
okay,
well,
I'm not even from the south,
man.
I'm Jeffrey Davis,
my parents,
even,
he was even so.
I go,
my parents didn't live in,
even so.
My parents didn't live in the south.
Even so,
I went,
oh,
racist.
And he goes,
even so.
For real.
For no fucking joke.
But he leaned in
and got low
and fucking had a microphone.
Even so.
And the stuff,
I'm like,
well,
I'm happy to profit off of your racism.
And I,
I took the shit
and I walk out in the cab,
I called the cab,
and the cab comes,
and there's a cab driver
and he's a Cajun fellow too.
And,
and I get in the cab
and he turns the meter on
and I'm like,
man,
that was weird.
That was in this liquor store.
And I bought the beer
and he saw my ID
and it said,
Jeff Davis.
And the guy turns the meter off.
So,
you're,
you're taking to a magical land with you.
So tomorrow we're driving to Louisiana.
And I'll tell you when I get out of the car,
I'm like,
well, if my name isn't Jeff Davis,
because shit's free.
Everything's just Jeff Davis
elementary school,
Boulevard,
bank.
It's Jeff Davis everywhere.
I just,
I always get conflicted about like stuff like that.
Like I,
I,
I hate me some government.
Like,
like,
So, if there's a flag that represents the idea that once upon a time, people didn't
tell people what to do quite as much, it's like, are you going to erase it from history
and you're going to politicize it and overcharge it?
That's why I'm always like, it's not my right to intrude upon that, but I feel like I, growing
up in Wisconsin, I'm part of some weird federal machine that, I have no idea how people feel,
how they really feel, what offends people.
And I used to feel that way about guns too, like that shit went crazy recently, but I
always felt like, I couldn't be more liberal, I'm left of liberal, I'm so left of liberal
that I seem right-winged at my liberal friends, because I'm so left that I just want to burn
down the White House and like, build a statue of myself pissing on-
Good night everybody, thanks for coming.
Yo, yo, yo, burn down the White House, it's too white, let's get some torches, burn it
down tonight, we're gonna march up the avenue, that's what it's for, knock on that motherfucking
president's door and say, whose house is this, motherfucker, yeah, who it, I don't know.
That was the Anarchist Rap, yeah, I'm sure Mikhail Bakunin would have signed off on that
one.
But I, like, the gun thing is like, I don't know, it's like, like, it is-
Did you just fuck the White House's front door, what was that about?
For those in podcast land, I humped, I mimed humping the White House's front door, sensually.
I know, that whole right to bear arms thing, it seduces me, and this is the worst time
of all to ever say that, that fucking guy, like, you know, the thing happened and the
guy said the stuff and like, it's too politically charged, but I can't get past that concept
of like, well, I don't know, there's weird shit about me that makes me go, yeah, but
I don't know, who wants to be part of a machine, it's fucking dumb, like, I thought the whole
point of this country, I thought the thing that made us sexy was that we didn't want
to be part of a machine, I thought the reason we called it the United States is because
it was like, you know, I don't know, it's too politically charged, though, they shove
the shit down our throats where it's like, the idea of dichotomy, the idea of a bipartisan
system, the idea that you're either with one side or the other, that's the greatest trick
that devil ever played, like, the idea that you're not allowed to be a single human being
and go like, yeah, but I want this and I want that, like, and then you just have people
from both sides telling you, yeah, but whose side are you on, like, because one of them
is like a Hitler, and it's just not true, but it's like, yeah, I don't know, it makes
me nervous, you know, you can hear the people eating their hot wings, like, I could say
anything, I could just, you know, like, fuse and blow something up.
But I know you don't like political conversations, but I have a question for you. How do you
feel about Obama's mother?
All right, well.
I fucked Obama's mama in the city. I fucked Obama's mama with brother titties. I went
to Obama, said, can I fuck your mama? He said, my name's Obama, he rhymes with mama, so I
go to Lama. I fucked Obama. I don't know, yeah, that's how I feel.
So you'd fuck her, too.
Yeah, I'd fuck her, too.
Oh, yeah, I'd hit that.
Are any mamas, are any mamas safe?
No, no, not for me, and I'm blessed to live in a country where it's okay to say that.
Anyone whose mama I want to fuck, I could say, I want to fuck your mama. President Obama,
are you listening? I would like to fuck your mama. And the reason I voted for him is because
I think he would go, all right, well, I guess that's what he wants to do.
As opposed to somebody who would go like, what did you say? I'm gonna fucking arrest you and put you
in Guantanamo.
Obama would say, I hope you fuck my mama.
Maybe, I don't know. Stimulate the package of the thing or whatever.
I hope you change my mama's pussy.
We're supposed to be the government, we're supposed to be...
You wouldn't fuck Spencer's mama, would you? You met her the other day, she was a very lovely woman.
I would, you know, I'd take a crack.
Yo, Spencer, I saw your mama yesterday.
It was two days ago.
You see, you can't do it.
Yeah, you can't do it.
That's the important thing, humanity.
I think I'd fuck Obama's mama, but if he was here, I'd probably just shake his hand and say,
thank you for running the country.
And I think he would thank me for doing a good show.
So you're just cowing to his power, to his status?
I don't know, I think then he'd go away and he'd say to somebody, I'd fuck that dude's mama.
Yeah, but you fuck members of our audience, mama's all the time.
Are you saying that they're lesser than Obama, that their mamas are more vulnerable?
When I rap about fucking your mama, I'm using the royal your mama.
I don't mean... I know that many of your mamas are dead, or dying.
Yeah, you can hear them...
My mother died when I was 13, you want to fuck her?
I don't want to get specific.
It's like the art form of wanting to fuck your mama.
Your mama's bigger than any individual.
What?
Yes, I'm saying yes.
She's literally bigger than any individual.
Yes.
When your mama represents the collective, she represents the whole collective.
I don't want to say your mama is fat and important to me, but she's bigger than any individual.
When your mama occupies my thoughts, she occupies my thoughts.
There are agrarian societies that would consider her in charge of the cycles of the moon.
People would be honored to nail her.
I think it was nice that Eric Eitel came on our goodbye show in Los Angeles and sang about fucking your mama.
Did you guys hear that? That was amazing.
We wrote a Money Python member, Eric, our buddy. We wrote him a song that was like, he's never going to sing it.
It was just about a fucking dad, a dance dad, and nuzzle in his nuts.
Dan and I were just in heaven. It was the greatest.
We wrote a song for a Money Python guy. We wrote that song.
I was like, fuck your mama, nuzzle in his nuts, and then the guy from Money Python sang it.
It was a humble brag.
Let me check my notepad.
There was a couple of Texas things while we were here that we can't talk about anywhere else.
Do you think our angry bus driver is here in the audience?
I don't know. Morgan is our driver here?
Nope. Fire away, fire away.
This guy is complicated.
He has a sense of humor. I just don't know what it is yet.
I detect, here's my, I feel like at one point he was driving like Gallagher or Louis Anderson in a bus,
and then he was like, he's full of joy in life.
And it was like, hey, you like smashing watermelons, maybe you should smash an orange.
And Gallagher was like, keep driving, you fucking lackey piece of shit.
And he looked forward, and then X-ray of his heart went click.
And then he became his current personality.
Well, I don't know. Apparently on that bus, he's driven Slayer and Sticks quite a bit, which I think is pretty cool.
And I think he, yeah. And he had very nice things to say about both bands.
He has this gruff, he does things like, we're all hanging out in the bus, and then it's driving,
and then he appears from one of the bunks and then comes up to the front and goes up to the front.
For a while we had another driver because it was too long of a drive.
And then he goes like, hey guys, little bit of a tour bus etiquette 101.
If you're hanging out and someone's sleeping in the back, close the door between the things.
Close the door.
And then the director of the movie said, hey, a little bit of humanity 101.
If you hate your job, stop doing it.
Which was such a...
See, I feel weird talking about this because this guy is going to be behind the wheel
for an entire tour around the country, including the Northeast during January.
Yeah, and if he decides, he's going to go, you know what? Fuck it.
He's going to go Christopher Walken from Annie Hall on this.
But, you know, I don't know.
Well, what do you want me to do?
I have to say, that aside, he keeps it between the lines and he hasn't scared me yet.
There's some scary drivers out there.
I've gone to sleep in that bunk and I've never felt like the telltale signs of a bad driver.
Yeah, all right. Well, a new update in the next city.
We're forming relationships that we never knew.
He looks exactly like Jeff Daniels and he's objectively ashamed of it.
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
I know. That's what I told him.
Some Jeff Daniels hater over there.
Or maybe a guy who looks just like Jeff Daniels and he's like...
With a pinch of Coulier.
A little full house, Dave Coulier.
I'm only putting this on record.
Come on, Jason, get up here.
No, I'm kidding. He's not here.
Oh, God damn it.
Jeff, why don't you like the song Hey Ya by Outcast?
When everyone else in the world loves it.
Ambushed.
I don't like it. It's a bad song.
No, you know, it's not a bad song.
There's a very good reason why I hate it.
I don't like popular things to begin with.
I kind of have a very uncharming, unnecessary aversion to popular things.
I must say it's a bad song.
I think it does exactly what it ought to do.
It's a pop song. It's a popular song. It should be.
But we used to go to this one little bar or restaurant in my neighborhood in Los Feliz.
Shut the fuck up.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I'm a little on edge.
Hey ya. Hey ya.
I guess it got it.
Oh, I think you pooped it.
I pooped my trousers.
No, I think I pooped it.
I pooped.
Okay, you don't know.
It's a fuck. It's not a good song.
It's a shitty song.
Here's my problem with that song.
You couldn't go anywhere for 17 months without hearing that thing 15 times a day.
I don't like over.
Also, I would never walk on a plane and be carrying the DaVinci code.
I would blow my brains out.
I don't want to have a book and see 15 other people reading the same book.
Does that make me cool?
No.
I just don't want to.
I'm never going to read The Celestial Prophecy or any of that shit.
I'm sure they're great books, but I just don't want to.
It's not a sexy thing.
I'm not boasting.
I shouldn't be like this.
All right.
I just wanted to jump.
I made a list of stuff to talk about.
I think it was overplayed for me.
I didn't need that much of it.
I think it's a real toe tapper.
No, you don't.
You suck an ass.
No, I'm not sucking ass.
Did I ask them first if they like outcast?
No, you go to them.
You massage them.
Did we drive past a sign that said Austin Gateway to Outcast Lovers?
I don't know how they feel.
I know how the world feels because it's the fucking number one song forever.
Everyone loves it.
And a lot of their stuff, and they're always having a great time.
You always hear them having a great time in their music.
They fucking love outcasts.
I will take the outcast Hayah song any day of the week
over anything that Gwen Stefani or No Doubt sings though.
That's it.
Too particular.
This guy's too particular.
Anyways, moving on.
Next topic.
Why am I under fire?
No, no, no.
I wrote down a list because I was a little nervous.
I wanted to be able to talk to them about stuff.
That was like, hey, I was like, I wanted to confront you about Hayah in front of people.
There's certain popular bands that people love that I hate.
And I am convinced that if you give me five minutes,
I can turn the most die-hard Rush fan and convince them that they actually don't like Rush.
Yeah.
Alright, who's the biggest Rush fan in the audience?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't want the biggest Rush fan in the audience to come up here?
Is there anybody?
No, because now it's been front-loaded.
Okay.
Yeah, nobody.
See how respectful they are?
Also, you know what?
You know what?
I don't like Led Zeppelin.
No, I hear more applause than booze.
No.
I think it's a great band.
I love the band, but Robert Plant is a screechy ass.
And when you see film, when you see film of him playing,
and he's swinging his microphone around,
and he's stuffing his pants with a sock,
or maybe he's just got a giant cock.
If you have a giant cock and you're wearing those pants,
then stop being so insecure and go,
and looking over at Jimmy Page, he's doing nothing but standing there playing guitar and minding his business.
And every time you see Robert Plant, look over him.
You can tell he hates him.
He's jealous of the fact that he can do that.
You're, because I was confused by your reaction,
you are your hardcore Zeppelin to the point where you can be anti-Robert Plant, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay, all right.
The band is great.
It's the best band with the worst singer, I think.
Not the worst singer.
They can do that.
All right.
This is great.
Austin, bring them people together.
Fine.
He was the hardest booer of it, then.
I'm going to pour this guy a tea, though.
Can we get a glass up front for this guy?
All right.
Moving on.
Next item on my jacket.
Yeah, you thought I was going to die.
I made friends.
No, no, no, no.
Fucking this guy and our lifelong buddies now.
I wasn't setting you up to be, to suffer anything.
All right.
I wanted to have a relationship with these guys.
On the test long control.
I was only moving forward in doing that.
Jeff and I have been friends for probably,
I will just round up 15 years today, this morning,
because we've never been on tour ever.
We had a special milestone.
It's never come up.
Why would it ever happen?
In an IHOP bathroom, Jeff and I took our first shit together.
Not together.
We went to each other.
Different toilets.
I've known them forever.
I came in the bathroom.
I know he's in there.
I'm not going to ignore it.
You came in and sang a little song.
Booping in an IHOP bathroom.
It's going to make your dreams come true.
Yeah, something like that.
It's probably hard to see, but these are Dan's feet under the toilet.
Yeah, it's probably hard to see for some of you.
Have you seen that enough?
I know you hate being told your shoes untied, bro.
I'm not saying that, but your jeans hang down low.
When your jeans are long, you wear them long enough
to be the little seam, the bead at the end kind of rips off.
Mostly that's just a piss mop that you've got.
It's just hanging out right in the kill zone
underneath the toilet at an IHOP.
I guess I just love Texas.
I trust their germs to be as big as everything else
and not be able to get into my bloodstream.
What was it called? Fort Stockton?
Fort Stockton, I believe we were in.
Fort Stockton IHOP?
Spencer, Spencer, keep it down.
Sorry, guys.
I heard his little plop plops.
That's all I wanted to say.
I take adorable shits.
They're like unicorn tears.
It's amazing.
We're on the road.
It's our second show in and shits going down.
Not really, yeah.
I've lost track of time because we love these people so much.
That's 11.23. What does that mean?
When did we go on? We went about 10.40?
I don't know.
I feel like we need that audience participation level
of our show.
I don't want to force it.
Who's allergic to vanilla? I am.
Let's do a rap about that.
I learned my lesson.
I just want to feel like...
Last night we came up with a little anthem
that we're trying to write lyrics to.
We brought a woman up on stage
and she was the dido to Dan's Eminem
and she did the sing-along hook to it.
Is there any... I would limit it to young ladies
unless they don't step forward.
Is that sexist to limit it to the ladies?
It could be a guy.
It's a very masculine stage right now.
If there's a woman...
Does anybody feel like they can carry enough of a tune
to do the Rihanna hook?
That hand went up pretty emphatically.
That's the one I saw.
What is that?
Come on up if you like.
Let's welcome her to the stage.
APPLAUSE
What's your name, young lady?
Jen Brown.
Her name rhymes with Harmontown.
Did you listen to the last podcast when we were in Phoenix?
I missed the last one.
We came up with this refrain.
It was released a couple of hours ago.
Do you want a seat?
Are you comfortable standing?
Jen, are you a singer?
I'm not primarily, but I...
Use the microphone, Jen. You're a singer.
I'm not primarily, but...
Is that mic on?
Yes.
Is that the Zeppelin guy?
This guy's mercurial as shit.
Zeppelin guy may not have to come up here.
Raise his edge with this guy.
The refrain that we landed on in Phoenix was...
You want to sing it for her?
Yeah.
This is the one song that we played in Phoenix.
I'll run it through her.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
He is yellow.
Poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Sorry, sorry.
Turn your frown upside down.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
He is yellow.
Poop is brown.
All right, from the top
Yo, Texas, I hope I don't wreck this I'm trying to freestyle coming off Phoenix a feel friend tick
I want to freestyle for you. I want to rap for you not do it like dude do I want to see feel it
Come inside
Feel terrible. I'm doing a terrible job. I'm always terrible at rapping. It doesn't matter because we got this hook and that's the pancake batter
Come on down, turn that frown upside-down
My weakness to my knees
Struggling like a hero staring at the trees falling to the sky
Austin, please give me strength to rap, please
Terrible rapper don't know what to do
Oh, I can never do is talk about my poo. I don't want to do is hang out with everybody
But then I can't do it cuz I feel like a piece of shit
Come on down the Harmontown turn that brown upside-down
Down the Harmontown with Jim Brown with Jim Brown Jim Brown in Harmontown
Jen brown Jim Brown. Let me see you work that ass around
I said, let me see you work that little ass around
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, the guy that like Zeppelin was arguing with you
He started to cheer at you and his started to poo
But then you said Robert Plant was a dick and then you guys hugged it kind of made me sick
With jealousy
I'm your friend. I don't want this to be the end. No, man. I'll stick to you
I'll stick with you through any kind of weather. You know, it was today at an I hop we both took a shit together
Can't frown in Harmontown never frown when you hear my little diamond poopy's popping down
Yeah, they were little cuties to these fruity fresh and fruity
I'm took a shit with you. Now. We're together. I had a waffle too. Yeah
Come on down the Harmontown. Turn that brown upside down. Yeah
He is yellow poop is brown. Come on down the Harmontown. Yeah, again. We should do it again
Do a booth. Hey, let's get this shot wherever it's slow mo. Okay. So yeah, pretend you're in slow mo right now
So good for the camera. We're at the camera. Reach for me like you want to touch me. Yeah
Like you like you wish you could but I put guys in slow mo. It's totally organic. It's totally organic
Yeah, it's totally natural. What's happening? It's not really weird
Every city I go to it's the same all the faces and names blend together flame
All the weariness of the road
So hard to be a door
How I sustain it
What drug can take care of this all these people making me drown in my ego piss
They want to love me and I don't kill them enough. I want to do shit like stuff
beloved guests
We made friends in the crapper. Yeah. Yeah, I use the toilet tapper
Oh, yeah, that's cool. All right, yeah, don't panic
Yo, yo, you're in a place where friends come together. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, very cool
Oh, the flow keep it cool. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah, Spencer
Why?
That was MC Spencer everybody
All right, well, let's have a hand for I thought that worked out very well brown
All right, well, let's let's let's play Dungeons & Dragons. Let's do this
We're gonna need Aaron to come up here then bring Erin McGathy to the stage Erin McGathy. Oh
Shit, wait, you know what? You know what Jen gets?
It's Jen Brown, right? Jen Brown. She gets a fucking limited edition
Jen Harmon's water damaged. We have two books left all the books were sold so that you get what there's two water damaged
Dan Harmon's will be perfect when you're dead
Especially dropped in the bathtub for you twice as wide as a normal book
Thank you, Jen. Well, Erin McGathy takes the stage
Dan's girlfriend really quick. Can I premiere my new character a sensitive t-shirt gun? Yes. Yes sensitive t-shirt gun
All right. Hey everybody, who doesn't have enough money to buy a t-shirt?
Who doesn't have a lot of money?
Sorry stage left audience
Sorry, sorry
I said premiere. It was the first time next time. I'll have a stronger arm. Aaron you're 12 years younger than me
I'm not hip to the scene was that was that Jen Jen Brown girl. Was she a manic pixie?
whatever you call it
So the short hair in the glasses of she
We just how we just did two episode arc on my podcast about the manic pixie girl. That's why I'm asking you
I was in the back grabbing
I didn't see your shirts. No, I saw her
I
Don't think I don't I don't think it's I don't know what I don't want any of these phrases me
She she would definitely in a issue would be booked. I think in a movie. She would be cast as a manic pixie girl
She's very cute. Looks very smart and creative. Sorry. She kicks your ass
Go on
Very very pretty and adorable and creative so she may be cast as that I get confused
Okay, so the things I get confused about manic pixie chick
confederate flags second amendment and the word hipster somebody coughed the word hipster when we're talking about fire
You were you were tired of my music or someone so I'm a hipster
Yeah, I never know what that means. I think sir means poser hipster means like I think if I
We're from LA and there's you know, it's Silver Lake, which is like the what's the area in Brooklyn that all the hipsters live
Williamsburg it's like the Williamsburg of LA and it's just a lot of dudes and with it like with it's 90 degrees out
But they still have a beard and a scarf and then a beret and I got it's about affectation
It's about somebody puts too much attention into how they look. I have a personality. I
Swear ask me about it. My name is Sunday with three Y's
Because it's really Dave
That's a good friend of ours and he's gonna finish that screenplay
All right Spencer, do you want to recap what we're gonna give you these first problem
Spencer is dispensing stands that one's the character sheets
Last night in the Turbos after playing a
Playing D&D now for months with Spencer
I've never actually looked at my character sheet and I got a tutorial from Spencer and he explained all of this all the information
And I'm very excited about yeah
Take it away spent
When we last met our heroes had just been looking skyward at Admiral Darkstars black armada
Pouring through the rift the ships launched out legions of black metallic cylinder cylinders before sailing westward
Realizing his camp may be in danger mango and his barbarians teleported swiftly away to warn the others
Left in the middle of a few of the mysterious cylinders the party inspected them for a bit before they began making strange noise and
hovering with menace
Not sure how to proceed the heroes cast shot through and urinated their way to victory as
They stood among the battered constructs. They hoped that butts camp would be safe
By the way somebody tweeted like I don't understand what you guys get in these fights like what are the stakes?
How do I know like if you get six damage? What does that mean?
I and that I was like yeah, you're at good point. You should know I have
24 hit points. I have 40 hit points, but right now you have like 30 lefts than that Jeff
And you have 10 lefts because you just got out of a fight last time
Well, why didn't you write it down on my character sheet Spencer because that's your job?
Hey, yeah, wait after after every show you come up and take my character sheet away from me and put it in a little
Trapper Keeper, and I never get to see it again. That's true. We don't we don't have pencils and erasers
You needed that's not my fault. All right, we need we need to get him a special. This is day two
Why are we fighting it? We have a whole tour calm down everybody. All right, so I don't have 40. I have what?
Ten right now you're at
11 so how do you get your hit points back is rest and well last time we met you actually put on a healing
Pendant in anticipation of healing my healing pendant was bootin up. You said it's starting to yeah
You can feel the rejuvenating forces flowing through you
Your hit points trick trickle upwards to
To what to how many you don't know?
I'll tell you in the future. I'm still going all right
Looking around you you realize that you're actually in the remains of some long destroyed village
Only the foundations and the charge skeletal wooden frames of several buildings remain
You can tell that some time has passed between the raising of this town and now
Because several green grass shoots and delicate tendrils of stems have begun overtaking the ashy black structures
You wonder what brought this devastation and why?
Mulraine seems tense worried and has a far away look in his eyes
She's a he yeah, I keep forgetting. Yeah, she's a dude
What's what's wrong Mulraine you seem tense with a far away look in your eyes
Hi gentlemen comrades. I
I'm going to
fashion some more arrows
On the other side of the village. I know that you'll remain here. I'll be back in
10 shakes of a swallow's birthing
That seems weird he departs quickly she seems evasive he yeah
Guys I get it. I look like a girl
I by the way merch is available after the show
T-shirts everything will sign it. Well, I'll sign everything
That was the sound of moraine leaving
The two of you remain I
Detect magic around here. You detect the faint straight traces of dangerous evocation magic the most deadly and destructive force
Oh
So this is there's dangerous magic is lurking around the skeletal tendrils
I'd say there's the echoes of maybe the remains of past cast magic
All right. Well, we should head to my dad's camp. Yeah, cuz he
He's going there to make sure of his camp is safe. We should come to his rescue
I know you and your dad have a troubled past. Yeah, yeah, but I'm a barbarian. He's a barbarian your part barbarian more or less
Aren't you I mean there's sort of genetically kind of right? Yeah, yeah, what which which way do they go?
You don't know they teleported. Oh, right, but we were there. Mm-hmm, right?
Okay, so we also probably don't want to leave me
No, we'll get you. What are you doing? She's carving arrows
I don't do stuff now
We tweet we take off back to the to the Buttsalot encampment
All right, you two set off but not before sharpie trips over his own two feet and falls flat on his face as
You pick yourself up. You realize you didn't trip over your own two feet, but instead a large tattered tome a
Tome a tattered tome. That's a book. Yeah, I know it's a book
I'm helping everyone out. I'm just
What do you think I was doing in 89 getting laid? I know what a tome is
Pick it up. I pick it up. You pick it up. I look at it. You look at it. It says journal
The edges are burnt and blackened the cover is worn
I found it. It seems strange that it survived this met this intense fire
Hmm. Is it magical?
You've detected magic and you didn't detect magic coming from it, but I open it. That's not very polite. Somebody's journal, man
The first entry reads dead all dead my children gone
Five bright souls snuffed out in an instant
No mother should be forced to endure such horror let alone be forced to watch
There screams their heart-shattering screams the crackling flames the smell of burning flesh
I died five times that night and yet I'm still here
Even this place is gone. We had a 16 hour bus ride from Phoenix you guys
That's awesome. I
Can't the journal entry ends there Spencer everybody. That's
Holy shit
Do I leave?
Was it signed? No, no, you're staying. It was it signed. Is there a name? There is no name. Hmm
Well, I think we should keep this and restore it to it's a huge clue in the mystery of whether or not a bunch of people died here
The book is all the case it may have multiple pages. Oh, oh, I turned the page Jesus
If only I were stronger if only I were male
If only we're a male the entry ends. It's a woman
Okay, I turn every page
You read the whole thing strong move I
Found a way to carry on I couldn't protect them because I was weak
I am weak curse this female form curse my cowardice my inaccuracy, but that's over all of it
I found an artifact. They say it's curse, but I don't know why who wouldn't want this power the entry ends
I'm assuming you're flipping through. Yeah. Yeah, the next entry the last entry
It worked. I can feel my old self drifting away
My memories seem fainter weaker the belt were just fine. Now. No one can trace me back to my roots my past
I thought I should change my name to something more masculine to honor their spirits. I came up with Mulraine
Well from the elvish word for one who survived great calamity rain
God's mercy for the rain that should have come to save my children
My dear children
That noise again
Yeah, the coming back noise
Hello gentlemen, you're reading. Oh, yeah, yeah, we found your book
That survived the fire somehow that was for no one's eyes, but the forests
Were you wait were you a dude or were you always always been a woman but took on a male name because she cursed her
Femininity because it didn't save her I had a belt that turned me into a man. I am currently a man
I was a woman who watched my children die in a fire. So a belt made you a dude
It's like a strap on you're gonna question
You bought a pig and
Yes, I did proudly
Uh, no, it was not a strap on
It was a and I don't know what that is. It was it was a man strap on as a belt that has a dick on it
Makes makes women feel like dudes I
Think that's cool if you're if you're into that, you know what happens in the forest
Uh, where where has it happened quark, huh? Where has it happened? I'm sure you're describing this because you're very familiar
I'm just trying to get to the bottom. I think it's great that you're a lady that likes to strap on a dick and fucking feel much
Oh, I think it's that's right. There's nothing to be ashamed of my children died in a fire
Maybe if you hadn't been busy fucking asses and stuff
I
Have been a better mother you fucking act. I pull Sharpie aside
Foreign aside. Well, that happens
I play my lute in the background
Hey, you play decently. I'm sorry
I'm sorry about my friend
It's fine. I just I wish he was more honest with himself
about
What he would like I
Yes, my my just to clarify you read my journal entry. I'm embarrassed that it was left behind
But this was your home. Yes, we're standing on the ashes of my lady who's sure
Sorry guys
Play my loot. Do you know what? What? Do you know what happened here? I?
Know that there was a there was a dark night. I
Had just turned off the candles. I had said good night to
Toby
Melissa fence. How do you how do you turn a candle off?
I'm having a side you blow it out. You blow it out. Okay?
And she's by the stairway to heaven
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My friend is he and I take shits together
That's not all they take together
I said good night to all of my children. I fell asleep. I awoke. What were the you were gonna name your children in order?
Yes, all five of them. Yes
Toby yeah, Melissa fence, okay sugar. Yeah
I
Danielle and Robert
And Robert I
I turned off the candles and I felt a great heat I
Say turned off because I'm very casual of candles. They don't know what switch is I
I felt as a strong heat and I I woke up to see my children all all of their
Heads were on fire their hair was on fire
You should have turned them off
He's so proud of himself so proud of himself
Ah, Jeff Davis hates a radio lab. Um, I
I
Turn I tried to turn them off. I I tried so hard to turn them off
Jesus stayed on and they stayed on all the all the way down
I tried to turn myself on I tried to set myself on fire, but I wouldn't I wouldn't light I
Wouldn't light
Perhaps there's some magic there
Like like the lady in Game of Thrones like you can't be on fire
Yes, yes, precisely. I may be part dragon
but I I would not set on fire and I left the house and I I knew that I would be a
terrible mother to another child and I I knew that an arrow would kill whatever was there, so I
Divorce yes, what exactly?
Well as as as you know most enemies can be defeated by arrows, so I took up the the sport of
arrowing
That's the hell fuck half-elf word for it
And I I and I joined you so you don't know what did this to your people's
I
I I don't okay, I I
Saw you two traveling and I hoped that I could latch on to you and maybe you would help me
Also, I've fallen in love with you during this
And I you
I am so sorry about my gay friend I
I
Love him too deeply. I want a whole lot of love
And when the whole lot of love yeah, and he loves what's up with Sharpie
Sharpie, let's join him. Please don't tell him what I said about falling in love with you
I I would like to find a belt because I do still possess a sword between my legs and I
I'd like to revert to my previous self
Hey, sorry guys, I was bored to play my loot that Sharpie explained to me really quickly what just happened quark
We we we we really honestly nothing has changed
I don't know what we took a long time. I was sitting over there playing my loot for a while
Well, I think you should be less mean to
Mullbrain
All right, you know
She's a sensitive person. Okay
And this was her home
Yeah, her children burnt to death. Yeah, I feel pretty bad about that
Came down pretty hard on
So I can turn and candles off and I'm a little
I'm a little overwhelmed, but like I want to avenge the death of your children and I want my dad to be safe
I I feel like that the force that destroyed my children is the same that is after your dad
It's a good chance, right? Probably my movie logic
Mary, you don't see a lot of movies or it's like I have an octopus did this but there's also a werewolf
But that was as cool as that would be
It's probably Admiral Darkstar, I guess
What a lot of SM3
Parker in the audience. All right. Well, I think we should proceed toward the bus a lot encampment
Yeah, where my dad said a long time ago you guys from where right Spencer. We know how to head there
Oh, yeah, totally. Yeah, well, we do that and end this segment. Yeah, it's over
Dungeons and Dragons
How you like that, Austin?
I think that shit was advanced
Eric McGathey is more
Spencer and I will be selling merch in the thing. Yeah, and really quick
This city is the best city in the world
I have to agree have to agree. Let's look at some queso after this
I would call it the Paris of Texas, but there's some dipshit like Paris of Texas, isn't there?
Yeah, yeah, but it really is the Paris of Texas. It's the San Francisco of the not the not
California's I don't know
California in Texas we should we should get along we should form an alliance
Imagine if imagine if we stood up to the whole country and said, you know, let us smoke weed and
Don't mess with California either, right
We'll find we'll find a happy medium on toast size. Yeah
Because really it's little doesn't need to be that's you know, that's got to be all your
Maybe we'll make a Nevada toast. Oh, you're all your microchips all of your movies all of your television like we could we could we could take
You know, who needs the rest of the who needs these fuckers that we're going to next
I'll probably find a way to love them when we hit Nashville
But you guys have been amazing. Should we what do we do like are we we're ready to find it?
You know, we could try and this is you might not like it
but we have some music here created by Ryan elder who's our musical director and
There's a country song you think maybe you could take what you've gleaned from from this audience tonight
You guys gave us a pretty easy ride that you were working pretty hard last night in Phoenix, but this was a this was like being a nice comfy hammock. So
And it's it's not like but just not to say that the people in Phoenix made me work harder
I I learned you made yourself work. I cut my teeth in Phoenix. Yeah, I punished myself
But it's not like you've gone through a big like like heroic journey tonight where you found out like like you had to you know
rise from ashes like a Phoenix and then come back up and
Learn to maybe it was just nice and easy and fun all the way through. It's that's it's you know
Doesn't make for a great heroic tale, you know, maybe a
How about this maybe sing like a kind of maybe a little sad song or something like that
Maybe country style about about you know about having to leave this this beautiful town. We can try it. All right
Let's give it a whirl. All right, if not, we bring a Jen Brown up and we sing the peepee poopoo
Oh, yeah, who knows what we'll just we'll just dive into the audience and root then run for the back door
Yeah, Jen Jen stay loose. Here we go
The shuffleboard shuffle
I left my heart in Texas, but I left my foot in Maine. I
Left my hand in Idaho and never quite the same
Different parts of my body have been left in different states
It all depends on where I was and what I chose to ate I
Had pancakes yesterday and took a poop with Jeff
I'm up here dancing round and now I'm out of breath two three four
Hokey pokey in the back room in a Hickey picky on the hi ho in a
Hope
I think that's that's traditional, right?
That was that was some Ernest Tubb shit going on and I was like I think I'm welcome back here any time
Yeah, Dan is gonna be at the broken spoke on Thursday
You guys have been unreasonably fantastic, and I don't know what else we can possibly bring Jim Brack
Uh, Jim Brown back up and we sing you maybe so a couple couple a little bit of rap and we finish
Fuck some mamas has a man up front. What's your name, sir?
Mars holy shit
I do you want to fuck the god of war his mother right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah
You have a picture of your mother take the picture of your mother out and Dan's gonna cut a hole in it and fuck it
He actually not he's seriously a man. Is he going a man dressed like the world's sexiest valet parker
I
Asked if requested that Dan not only sing a rap about fucking his mother he's searching through he's
Satchel for a photo of his mother. This is the weirdest fetish. I've ever come across
Literally she's home we doors open we're gonna introduce him to D-Lux in Phoenix. Yeah
Yeah, why'd you find it you didn't bring it I?
Find that photo man. Wait. Did you bring a photo of your mother so that Dan would fuck it or that you do you carry a photo?
Loving mother that you like to have strangers fuck in lieu of your mom's photo
Do you think you could could you help me out up here? Do you want to do you want to like?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's get Mars up on stage
We're gonna we're gonna close the show. It's don't don't pressure out. Don't be like me
But we also need we need we need checks and get up over the hook. We need her to do the refrain
Yeah, we remember the refrain how it goes
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry too. I look as you brought her ship Lee up here
It's been a good night. I'm flowing rap. I hope I don't do it mouse trap. I'm just
Rhymen words about shit flying out my mouth like projectile turds. I'm gonna throw it out to outer space
So hope everyone in Austin likes me regardless of my race
Because I'm white. I don't want to do anything bad tonight
We've had such a good time with these folks, but every egg has a weight and a little yolk
I don't know what I mean. I want to fucking you
He's a second team to be just let me wrap some work
Coming around to another door gonna open it
Mars take it Mars Mars
Yeah, Mars, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yo my car outside earlier
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go Mars. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah feel it. Yo, yo, yo. Yo, holy shit
I'm standing next to Dan Harmon. Yeah, he wrote community and that shows fucking Charmin. Yo, I'm on the mic and I'm standing on the stage
I'm in my life, and I'm writing a fucking new page. Yeah. I saw the D&D live with Spencer
That was fucking awesome. Shit. Now come on down to Harmontown, turn that crowd upside down
He is yellow poop is brown, come on down to Harmontown
Come on down to Harmontown, burn that crowd outside out
Come on down to Harmontown, he is yellow poop is brown
Turn that crowd upside down, come on down to Harmontown
What's your name? Devin. How do you know when you're finished?
What's your name? My condolences. What's your name?
Where'd you get that sweater from? A sweater sale?
What's your name? Yeah, how do you know when you're finished?
Yeah, what's your name? Yeah, you know what you're doing?
He is yellow poop is brown, come on down to Harmontown
Yeah, fuck you.
Yo, I worked the crowd tonight.
Thank you so much guys, we love you.
One more time for Aaron the Gaffey, Spencer Crittenden,
Mars, Mars, Jen Brown, Led Zeppelin Guy, Tito Vodka,
fuck you Kettle One, fuck you Kettle One.
We love you. You guys are amazing.
Let's go have a drink together.
So I'll go to the bar and get drunk.
Hey Mars, here's a book.
Thank you.